This error happens on all Windows 7 recoveries. It means the WIM doesn't have language packs pre-installed. To fix this issue, you must download and integrate language packs in the WIM.

### **For Windows 7 recoveries (NTlite method):**

* **For this method to work, you must be on Windows 10 or 11.**

* Install and open [NTLite](https://www.ntlite.com/download/).

* Click on `Free` license and click on `OK`.

* Click on `Add` on the top left, then `Image (WIM, ESD, SWM)`, and open the WIM SVRP created.

* Click on (select) `1. Sony` next to the little indicator (should be gray). And click on `Load` on the top left.

* Wait for the image to be fully mounted, a menu should appear when the process is done.

* On the bottom right of the NTlite window, you should see sevice pack and architecture (x86 or x64) of Windows. Take note of that.

* On the menu on the left side, click on `Updates`.

* Download `en-US` (and `language of recovery` if your recovery isn't in English US) language pack from [here](https://archive.org/details/windows-7-mui-all-language-packs-sp0-sp1-x86-x64). Make sure you download the correct language pack (SP0 or SP1, x86 or x64).

* On NTlite, click on `Add` on the top left, then `Package files`, then select the language pack executable(s).

* Click on `Apply` on the menu. Then, click on `Process` on the top left.

* The WIM will be rebuilt with the language pack(s) integrated.

* If NTlite fails to integrate the lanugage pack(s), try downloading the language pack for the other service pack (SP0 if you downloaded SP1, and vice-versa). Make sure you're on Windows 10 or 11, otherwise this process will fail!

* Apply the WIM using [this guide](https://github.com/Vir0z4/svrp/wiki/How-to-install-WIM-files).

### **Alternative solution if NTlite doesn't work (not recommended):**

* Install and open [Win Toolkit](https://www.majorgeeks.com/files/details/win_toolkit.html).

* Click on `All-In-One Integrator`, and open the WIM SVRP created. Then click on `Select` on the bottom left, and `Select [Sony]`. Then `Continue (No Preset)` on the bottom left.

* Click on `Updates + Languages` tab.

* Download `en-US` (and `language of recovery` if your recovery isn't in English US) language pack from [here](https://archive.org/details/windows-7-mui-all-language-packs-sp0-sp1-x86-x64). Make sure you download the correct language pack (SP0 or SP1, x86 or x64).

* Execute the language pack executable (exe), and shortly after it was opened, you should see a `lp.cab` file in the folder where the language pack executable is located. Select the file, and do `CTRL+C` and `CTRL+V` before it disappears. Do the same for the second language pack if you have downloaded two.

* Rename `lp - Copy.cab` to `lp1.cab` (if you have two language packs, rename the second to `lp2.cab`).

* Go back to Win Toolkit, and click on `Add`, `Add Updates` on the top left.

* Select `lp1.cab` (and `lp2.cab`) and click on open.

* Click on `Start` on the top left. The WIM will be rebuilt with the language packs integrated.

* Apply the WIM again using [this guide](https://github.com/Vir0z4/svrp/wiki/How-to-install-WIM-files).

### **For Windows Vista:**

This problem has not been observed on Vista yet, and no potential solutions have been found.
